Welcome to the most comprehensive rag
masterass on YouTube, where I'm going to
take you from beginner to expert. I've
sold rag systems to so many companies, I
even flew out to New York to compete in
NA10's first ever rag agent competition.
I'm going to take you from theory to
actual business systems that make money.
We're going to cover the best rag
systems that are working today and
practical builds that regardless of your
experience level, you can get working
immediately. There will be timestamps
down below the video, so feel free to
look at any section you want to as you
go and definitely bookmark this video so
you can come back to it whenever you're
going to building rag agent. Now, this
rag masterass is going to take you from
beginner to expert. Now, rag is the most
profitable AI skill that you can learn
in 2026. The annual global AI market is
projected to hit $1.8 trillion by 2030,
according to PWC. Businesses need AI
systems to use their data. And you can
rag any data you can imagine. PDFs,
documents, contracts, Excel
spreadsheets, phone conversations, the
internet, books, YouTube, podcasts. You
literally name it, you can rag it.
People often say, "Jack, you'll rag
anything." And I can't deny those
allegations. But let me give you a
thought experiment. You just hired the
world's smartest assistant. And we're
pretty happy about that because this is
good news. But there's a catch. So
whilst he's got a very high IQ and is
really helpful, they're not able to
retain any of the information that we
actually gave her and they're lying
about it. So we don't know when they're
lying and when they're actually
retrieving. Now this is what we call the
memory problem. And hallucinations
aren't just inconvenient for certain
sectors and businesses, healthcare,
medical, and anyone else. They can be
very costly because you're giving the
wrong information to people or straight
out illegal if it gives or creates false
information. is just simply not true.
And whatever business you're in, you
need accuracy. Now, rag is the strongest
defense that we have to this and every
business needs it. Whether you are a
significantly large business that has
turnovers of 8 n 10 figures or you're
smaller, rag has a place to help every
business. I'm going to cover exactly
what rag is shortly, but I have to
explain to you the context why we're
even talking about this today. And it's
cheaper than fine-tuning. And if you
don't know, finetuning is basically when
you train a model on specific data. and
it can cost between5 to $50,000 plus
depending on lots of variables. Rag is
way more accessible and way cheaper to
train that information on for your
particular company. Almost anything you
do with AI is going to involve data and
rag is at the center of that data. It's
one framework almost infinite
applications for example real estate
operations education tracking retrieving
data anything you could possibly imagine
rack can be involved in some shape or
form. Now, for business owners, the AI
native businesses of the future in 2026
and beyond are the ones that can
fundamentally control their data and
have the best access and context with
that data. And Rag is the operating
system for that data. And it saves you
hundreds of hours and can even unlock
new product categories for you that just
quite simply did not exist before. And
new product categories means new revenue
streams. For agencies, rag systems sell
between $5 to $50,000 plus. It's my
agency's most frequent request and I've
sold many of these myself and also
taught hundreds of other people to learn
how to build AI and actually monetize
and leverage it. Rag is the most
profitable skill to learn in 2026. And
in this video, I'm going to show you
quick one minute rag systems you can
build all the way to very complex rag
systems so you have a full comprehensive
knowledge. The kind of 20% of
information that's going to give you the
80% of results. And I'm also going to
include what I call the the three rag
infinity stones, which is in part
inspired by the fact they've got this
beautiful huge Thanos gauntlet that I
got for a birthday a couple years ago.
That if you crack these three elements
of rag, it will put you in the top 1% of
all rag builders. Now, to build rag
systems that are actually profitable and
best-in-class, you've got to have a
great understanding of what it is. So,
in really simple terms, what is rag? Rag
stands for retrieval augmented
generation. It is in really simple terms
an AI that remembers and learns and
responds smarter. Essentially all it
does when you ask it a question is it
retrieves information. It augments that
information and then it generates it to
give a better response. But make it
sound a little bit simpler. Let's
imagine that we've hired this beautiful
800 IQ librarian. Really great for our
library, right? Really freaking awesome.
We can ask it many questions about the
books. But the problem is despite this
wealth of knowledge that it's got, he
forgets often times where the books are,
he doesn't understand where the
information is. Rag is kind of like an
indexing card that lets him know where
all the information is on the bookshelf.
So, for example, if we ask it a question
about our company's HR policy or what
was it that Mrs. Higgins said on the
17th of October, for example, it'll say,
"Great. I know exactly where that
information is and he'll simply reach
over to the right shelf and grab for us
the golden book that has that
information without the indexing card.
It will not be able to do this. Now,
there's one key piece of information
that's worth calling out here, which is
why we need rag anyway. And why can't we
just ask language models? So,
essentially what happens is with any
model you've got, it's got what is known
as a context window. Okay, so you may or
may not know this, but when you're
actually using an air chat bot like
Gemini, like chat GPT, what effectively
happens is that the whole conversation
is pasted into the chat every single
time you have it. So firstly, hey, how's
it going? And it says, I'm great, thank
you. How are you? And then I say, what's
the capital of Denmark? The entire
conversation is consistently filtered
through, which is fine. But what
happens? It's got a limited context
window. Which is why if you're using
these models, you may ask it a question
and it's like, "Hey, I don't actually
remember the answer." So Gemini, for
example, which is Google's model, has a
million token context window, which
means it can quote unquote remember
things up to a million tokens. So in the
early days, people used to just give it
loads of context. But the problem is
when you want to retrieve that
information reliably and accurately and
site things or you want more information
in a million tokens, context is no
longer sufficient. Even though that over
time models are getting better at
context, it's not great because we want
it to be accurate and we don't know when
the AI hallucinate. That's the problem.
It's your confidence in what it's
saying. So if I were to show you
practically what does it look like in
reality. So this is an example in N8N.
N8 is a noode platform and it just lets
us connect things other things. My last
business for example the startup that I
sold we built in a no code platform
initially. So I know a lot about these
things. So if you look over here
effectively what happens is we have an
agent and we will ask this qu you know
this agent questions here with this chat
window and what the agent can do is
reach over to its rag database over here
to retrieve information. So to give you
just a little bit of technical
background before I show you by analogy,
let's say that we have an infinite
bookcase and yes, this artwork is
beautiful. We have an infinite bookcase.
Okay. Now, effectively what happens is
when we vectorize something, effectively
what we do is we have a piece of
information. Let's just call it, I don't
know, the Harry Potter books. Okay. And
we've got our favorite book over here.
What happens when you vectorize this
information is that the AI will actually
chop it into chunks. So for example, it
will chop it into chunks of 10 pages
like this. And it does this throughout
the entire book. So there's 10 pages,
there's 10 pages, blah blah blah all the
way down. And then what it does is takes
each of those 10 pages and puts it in
the bookshelf. So this would be, you
know, bookshelf one, bookshelf two, blah
blah blah all the way through. But it
doesn't put it as text. What the AI
actually does is it converts that
information into well what we call it
vectorizes it and it gives it a really
really really really long number that
goes on and on and on and on on all the
way through and we call this the
embedding and that process is called
basically you have an embedding model
that does that. So that the data that
kind of 10 pages of information has a
kind of unique code identifier. Then
what happens is it's all stored in this
thing. And so let's just say these 10
pages are about why Harry Potter, you
know, when he gets his invisibility. You
can tell haven't seen Harry Potter in
ages. When we then ask a a question, it
uses the same embedding model to turn
that question into this kind of like a
number that's similar and then it will
pull back the most relevant sections for
us. Let me give you this by bit of
analogy. Okay, so let's just say that we
have an office for example and we have
somebody here who runs the office. In
this this instance, it's you. and we
have a wonderful and helpful secretary
and what she does is takes all the
company information and she puts it into
this bookcase in exactly the same print.
Okay, so we've got a book for HR
policies, a book for our standard
operating procedures and businesses,
whatever the specifics are. Okay, and
then effectively what we do is we can go
overhead and she goes over for us and we
when we ask her a question like hey you
know what's our policy on recruitment?
Okay, I want to hire somebody. Hey,
what's our policy on recruitment? All
she does is she simply shoots over she
grabs to do goes to the bookcase and
grabs the most relevant books on
recruitment and brings him back. That's
effectively all that raggers. And to
show what that looks like in practice
again we would have over here the office
which is our guy which is the in this
case the agent who we give instructions
to. Then we'd have the actual knowledge
base itself which is where we're storing
things the vectorization the information
and then finally we have the actual
memory where we access that thing. So
that is pretty much like a very kind of
like simplistic overview of what rag is
and why it's so freaking important. But
I want to really drill down on what you
can rag. And like I say, it's been said
that you can rag pretty much anything.
Any kind of information you could
possibly imagine. Literally, you know,
PDFs are a big one. Word docs,
databases. I'm going to show you some
really interesting insights on databases
that you may not have seen anywhere else
on YouTube about how do I get big data
sets that I can ask questions about? And
not only questions like you know what
happened with account 747 you can also
ask questions relationally which means
that we can understand the relationship
between the data. So say for example
you've got a community and you have
churn and you have sales and you have
people you can actually ask it questions
about things like trends. You can't do
that with traditional rack. So I'm going
to show you some really exciting stuff
in this video. You can do things about
Zoom. So, let's say you and I are on a
call together and we're selling to
somebody or, you know, maybe one of our
clients and we want to just
automatically capture a gold mine of
information. We can do emails, books,
literally websites, anything that exists
on the internet ever. Any article, any
website you can imagine, we can
essentially scrape that YouTube videos,
social stuff. So, if you want to grow
your social media, kickass, we can
effectively rag anything. Now, I'm going
to show you two agency you can build
just to get used to what brag looks like
in under a minute to get started. The
first of which is going to be 11 Labs
which is an incredible text to speech
technology platform and it does so much
stuff for this. So we're actually going
to hear it and ask it questions. So if
you use 11 Labs come over if you go to
agents on the left hand side and let's
want to create a brand new agent just
for the sake of it. I'm going to click
on a business agent like this and we're
going to say hey let's just say it's
finance and banking and we want it to do
customer support. Really really cool.
And we'll call this one doctor help.
Okay. And we can give it a website and
this will help us personalize it. So say
for example that we have a website of I
don't know let's go for Monzo's website
uh which is like a bank in the UK. We
come down here we can simply come over
and grab that information and you're
going to see just how easy it is to
create these rag things. Main goal is
help concepts. That's fine. And then
click on create a agent. You can make it
text only or audio. Really
straightforward. And this is something
you can easily slot into any website
that you want to. Now this is really
cool. Of course we can go down and pick
languages and how it sounds. But I just
want to give you a really simple view of
this. So we've got a cool system prompt
here you can give it. But if I just come
down and show you one really simple
thing knowledge base add document. I can
type in a URL. I can add files or I can
create text. So if I click on add files
here for example and upload something.
So I downloaded an insurance policy from
Lexus. Let me just upload that real
quick. I've selected it. I click on add
file. Equally I could give it any
information about a website if I wanted
to. It doesn't really matter. You can
just manually upload it. I'm going to
show you ways how you kind of expedite
this and take this to another level. And
again, add another document. Do you want
to add a website? Let's add in, you
know, this website. Why not? And you can
just very quickly, very simply, just add
in all this stuff, websites, documents,
files. Doesn't really make a difference.
And then we can come over and we can
simply save this and then test the agent
immediately. Obviously, there's a
million things you can do. I've got
videos on my channel if you'd love to
learn about voice technology just like
this. Excellent. Now, we want to pick
the voice. And if you're wondering why
is my shirt changed, when I recorded
this, the audio was really bad. So, I
didn't want to get bad audio. So, I am
redoing this entire thing. Now in the
agent section we can pick voice. I've
chosen Archer here cuz he's got a
beautiful English voice. It's not about
what we have or what. Beautiful. It's
fantastic. So what we can do is simply
test the agent if you want to. Now the
cool thing about Lemlabs is we can build
workflows. We can connect this to
websites. We can pretty much do anything
we want to this technology and it's a
full rag system. So we click on test AI
agent. We can click on this to chat with
him. Come down here and we can ask it
some kind of random question like hey
could you give him an example from the
insurance document? something that is
nonobvious. Bam. And if you want, you
want to use my text to speech. It's my
brand new startup, Glido. It's in beta
right now. I'll put a link down below if
you want to apply and uh join the wait
list. So, we push this one out here cuz
dude, text to speech is so cool. It's
actually the only thing that I I've ever
used that saved me like an hour a day.
It's so freaking cool. Hello. I can
certainly do that. I can give an
example. And you can have a conversation
with the entire document like that. As
you go down and go specifics, you can
also have a conversation with it if you
want to by clicking out, clicking test
agent, and then just calling the agent
like so. We just validate the Mac that
we're using.
>> Hi, I'm Marge, your finance guide. I can
explain.
>> And then you can essentially have a
conversation with it. Just like that,
we've got our first rack system nailed
down. Now, the second one that I want to
show you is this beautiful Google LLM
notebook. It's called Notebook LLM. It's
incredible. Click on try uh notebook LM.
And when you open up, you can
effectively get any data sources you
want. So, if I create a brand new
notebook, let's say that you've got a
video of mine and you think, Jack, I
love the video. I want to study it. I
want to learn more specifics. I want to
chat to your video. What you can do is
come over to the J YouTube channel. We
can find any video we like. So let's
just say that we go with this full AI
business course for instance. We copy
the clean link. You come over to this
and you can click on YouTube and paste
it in. And then what you can also do
with this is add any source material you
want to like ultimate YouTube videos or
any document from your Google Drive or
website. So we click on website. For
example, let's say that I want to know
more about 11labs.io, right? I can come
back over here and you basically just
keep on posting as many different
websites as you want to that you want to
chat with that you don't have time. Like
this is profoundly powerful guys. It's
insane. It's one of the most OP tools
that is very simple to use. And then you
can simply ask it questions like what
did Jack say the best way was to get
your very first client. Bam. Simple
question like that. It goes in and then
what will happen is we can ask any
single question. Again, look at this
text to speech saving us so much time. I
freaking love it. And then what we can
do here is then actually go then and
create full podcast off the back of it.
So recommended strategy, goal of
resonance, free offer, value exchange,
all this beautiful stuff. Now what we
can do is get an audio overview. We
click on that button and then what that
will do is turn all our resources into a
podcast. What this will do is accelerate
your rate of learning. But it's a
profoundly simple way for you to upload
documents, websites, YouTube videos to a
point where you can rank essentially
anything. This is an excellent uh
personal use case that will just help
you completely crush it. Now, the third
thing I want to show you here is going
to be in chat GPT, the third agent, uh,
which is a bit of a b bonus agent in a
way because this recently changed. Um,
so what you're going to do actually is
head over to platform.openi.com.
Uh, and I'm going to show you this brand
new system they've got here. Okay, so if
you come on the left hand side here,
we've got this thing called agents.
You've probably seen them recently about
building agents and click on agent
builder. And what this lets you do is
effectively build agents and do rag
system. So if I click on create a new
workflow for example, we've got start,
we've got my my agent. Now in the right
hand side here, you can come downstairs,
click on tools, click on file search,
and then literally upload anything that
you want to. So I've just chosen to
upload a rag query rewrite basically
just something about how make better
prompts and you'll see this later in the
video and I've attached that. Now what's
really cool here is you can customize
the chunk size and overlap. I'll get
into that later in the video, but
effectively add all the information that
you want to. What is really cool with
this one though is we can add in
guardrails. Cool. So guys, I've added in
this guardrail section and what you can
do here which is really decent is come
down here to you got moderation,
jailbreak, etc. You can click on this
which is personal identifiable
information and you can select any
unique information like national
insurance number, UK NHS number, all
these beautiful things and completely
remove it. basically means that if
you've got this as a chatbot or you're
giving it to clients and you want to
have an agent conversation and they give
you some personal data and none of that
will come through to your system and
obviously you can preview this and type
conversations like hey what is
I don't know something like what is the
fundamental purpose of a rag query
rewriter ask it any kind of question and
literally just like that you can have
full conversations and you can deploy
this into your website and do different
things like this so you see this one has
not this has failed because it's
detected something wrong with that. But
if I actually come off this, come over
here to his guard rerails and let's just
delete that. Bring it over. Now, if I
preview this and say something like give
me an example of a rag query rewriting
agent, something like this. We're going
to post this one in. And then you'll see
the agent will actually go ahead and
check its database of knowledge to make
to do that. The guardrails can be a
little bit strict, a little bit
overpowered, so you can select all the
things that you don't want to do and
make it as specific as you would like.
Beautiful. Now we're going to build one
of these rag systems in NA10. So we're
going to come over to NA10 and begin
with this one. So the first thing we
want to do is get your data. So let's
say this is a really simple way to get
any data into any vector database and
ask questions. The first thing we do is
come down here. I'm going to come down
here. I'm going to search for form. Now
NA10 has a feature where you can pretty
much create form within the scenario. So
come down here and I'll just say hey
this is the form name. Form description
is simply upload your file. Come down to
form elements. Come here and we call
this one files. Okay. And then element
type is very simply file. And then that
is literally it. And then what we can do
with this guys is upload as many files
as we'd like to rack. And if you want to
do databases, you want huge databases
and ask you questions. I'm going to show
you exactly how to do that in this video
because it's slightly different and it's
again I'm going to cover absolutely
everything you ever need. Now we've got
the file. The next thing that we need to
do here is get the vectorzation model.
Right. So to do that we're going to use
something called pine cone. Now pine
cone is really really cool. Effectively
you're going to come over here and
create an account if you haven't done so
already. When you've done that you're
going to see a page that looks a little
bit something like this. Now remember in
our analogy guys that we had we have
over here D for the data and then over
here we have our gigantic bookshelf
which is where all this data is going
and effectively all that pine cone is
doing is sitting in the middle and being
okay in our analogy our secretary right
who's taken the information from over
here and bring it over here. So this is
the world's best pine cone that we've
ever seen. As you can see, it looks a
little bit something like this. And
essentially what Pine cone will do is
take the data. It will vectorize it. So
give it loads of crazy numbers and then
store it in the data. And then in the
future, we want to ask questions. Pine
cone can come over to the data and bring
it back over here to the user. That's
the TTR of it. But practically speaking,
we learn pine cone.com. You can create
two scenarios completely for free. Come
down to correct index. Now this okay
over here you see lots of these are
called embedding models. When you hear
embedding models that's just a process
of turning data into a vectorzed store
into into a number. Now if I show you
here over here we had our beautiful
assistant right think of this as having
a level one assistant but they actually
go all the way up to level 10. I'm going
to touch on that later. For the time
being we're just going to pick over here
text embedding three small. Okay. This
is the model that's going to correct
codes for us. You need to come down here
to dimensions and just click 1536. We
need to give it a name. Since I'm
drinking beautiful coffee now, we got
this one from uh the fantastic coffee
planet. We're going to call this one
planet. Like that. And what we're going
to do is create index. Like two clicks.
We're ready to go. Now we come back over
to NAF and we need to add in the
assistant. So we come here. We're going
to go for Panko. So click on Pineco
Vector Store and click on add document
to vector store. Now we want to connect
it to Pineco. To do that, you click on
this little arrow. You're going to come
down here to create a new connection,
which I think you can do by here. Create
new credential. Come over to Pine. Come
down here on the left. Click on API
keys. Click on create a brand new API
key and call this one API key. Just like
that, or whatever you want to call it,
blah blah blah. Get that information.
And then just copy it. You come back
over. You paste that in there. Click
save. And then you're officially ready
to rock and roll. Now, when we click on
plan code index, it will show a couple
of examples. There we go. We got the
planet. Fantastic. Embedding batch size.
You don't need to worry about right now.
Again, I'm showing you a very simple
version and we're going to build on this
throughout the video as we go. Now, we
need to pick the embedding model, which
is exactly the same that we chose on
Pine Cap. So, we come down here. We're
going to go for the beautiful Open AI,
which is right here. And once again, if
you don't have the API key,
platform.com,
grab it, bring it over. Exact same
process I just showed you. Add options.
Text embedding three small is exactly
the one. And then we're good to go. And
then we just do this document thing,
which is basically saying, Jack, you've
given me the information. So come down
here, click on default data loader. Now
again, we could get more complicated
where you don't need to. We have this
data type. It's basically inject are you
giving me a document or are you giving
me text? If it's a document, we click
binary. If it's JSON, we just click
JSON. Now the cool thing is it will kind
of do all the hard work finding the
document. If it's a PDF, whatever it is,
it does all that stuff for us. Really,
really cool. Text splitting is simple
for now. If it's simple, it's every
thousand characters with a 200 character
overlap. So what does that actually
mean? Well, I'll show you right here. I
think I did a little analogy. You know,
I talked about we have a Harry Potter
book. Every 1,00 characters, it cuts off
and begins the next 1,00. But we have
this thing here which is the overlap.
And we call this overlap. So the last
200 characters will also be included in
the next one. And so we have this kind
of oversection so that we can kind of
pull context and we don't lose anything
because what if the last sentence of
this one here, right, wasn't included
here. There was no overlap. But you'd
only really get that context if you
could see it in its full sentence. So
this is what that helps us to avoid by
having an overlap. All this to say,
we're just going to keep it simple for
this one and leave it right there. And
guys, that's literally it. So let's do
this one together. Click on execute
scenario like so. This pops up. We're
going to upload a file together. I've
uploaded our huge gigantic system with
lots of insurance stuff. And then we
click on submit. Once that's done, we
come back to the form. And you'll see
this working. We like the circle. Circle
is good. Circle means that it's it's
vectorizing for us. It's doing all the
embeddings which is ACE and it's
complete shut. If we head over now to
Pineco guys, we go to the database, we
should see this information and let's
have a look at it and you can see it is
now started to appear and it has taken
our big insurance document into 119
records. So if I click on one as a for
instance and you can see how it's given
us it's automatically pulled out all of
this metadata. What is the name of it?
What is this? What is that? And then
we've got the text here that you can see
that it's added it which is cool. You've
just vectorized your first document.
Congratulations. Now, the reason you
would use this instead of like a
standalone form is here we can do
anything. We can connect it to any
website, any database, any contact form.
You name it, we can literally do it.
Now, what we want to do is, well, we've
created it, but we want to ask it
questions, right? Maybe you want to give
that to a client, maybe you want to give
it to your team, whatever it is. So,
what we're going to do first of all is
come down here to chat trigger, and I'm
going to show you some cool stuff we can
do. But effectively, we want to ask it
questions. So, we come here. We click on
AI agent like sir. Beautiful. Now when
you build a agent we specify where's the
information coming from. It's just node
below which is fine but when we come
down here and give it a system message
which is basically it's call
instructions. So I'm going to say
something like hey answer questions by
using the insurance vector store. That's
it. Okay. Obviously we get more
complicated but this is just just to
show you. Okay. Now chat model come down
here. We're again we're going to go for
open AI which is fantastic. GPT4.1 mini
is okay for this one. Memory is just it
short-term memory in NA10. So this is
how this agent remembering things. I can
show you some bigger more impressive
memory in a little while, but
fundamentally that's the most important
thing. And then we'll just say I want
you to have a context conversation of
50. And then we give it the tool which
is exactly the same as the last one. So
come down to pine cone pine cone vector
store. Now again look at this. All we do
is pick the same thing. So we had planet
is our vector store right for the
insurance documents and we say something
like information about insurance
documents. Cool. Then you have this
thing here called limit which is how
many segments do you want me to bring
back? General rule of thumb if it's a
question about concepts. So say for
example you had Alex Moses $100 million
leads and you want it to be more
conceptual stuff. I'm okay with it
bringing back more information. If I
want it to really get me the limited
most accurate things you would bias
towards having this lower. I'm going to
go for five on this one. But again I get
into more detail about these settings
video. This is just simple and we can
include the metadata for this one. It's
okay. Very simple. And then we want
embeddings model. Little quick hack you
can do very easily is just come down to
this embedding model here. Click on it.
We can just simply duplicate him, bring
him over, plug him in, and then we're
good to go. Now let's ask a question. So
if I said something like let's refresh
this here. All right. What can you tell
me about I don't know theft in my
policy. Okay, dead freaking simple. Ask
the question. Now you can see the
agent's thinking and you'll see the pine
con vector source start which is cool.
And you talk about these vectors guys.
You can see this is the query that it
sent theft coverage and this is response
got. But look at this. Your policy
covers theft under section two fire and
theft. The car suffers loss of damage
blah blah blah. And guys, just like
that, you've officially created your
first rag agent. Congratulations. Grab a
sip of coffee on JR for that. That's
really freaking cool. So that's
basically it. And with this one form
document guys, you can upload as many
documents as you want to. And once you
get it into these platforms, you can
effectively do anything you want to. And
of course guys, you can build the exact
same thing at meg.com. And I'll put this
blueprint down below for you so you can
copy it step by step. I will say that it
is a lot easier to build this into NA10,
which is why I'm going to focus on NA10
because if you do just literally follow
the steps I make, it will be way easier
for you to build that way. But
nonetheless, I'll put the blueprint down
below. So if you are using make, you can
plug and play as well. Now, building a
rag agent is one thing, a fundamental
rag agent. But if you don't know how to
get the data to scope data from any
source, your potential with rag is going
to be low. If you want to build
profitable rag systems, you've got to be
an incredible data scraper. Your very
first rag system, but the rabbit hole
goes so much deeper. Now, if you want to
be a great ragger, you must first become
an excellent scrape because if you can't
actually get the data, you can't really
rag it. This is why we're going to talk
about how to rag anything. Now, there
are two key parts you have to
understand. Number one, it is getting
the data. And number two is vectorizing
it. Super simple. But here's the 20%
that's going to get you 80% of the
results. YouTube, articles, emails,
meetings, databases, it all sounds
amazing. It's all the stuff that we're
going to scrape for this rag system. I'm
going to show you how you do all those
things together. But there is a huge
pitfall. Let's say, for example, that we
just hired Gordon Ramsay. And he is, of
course, an awesome chef. I ate his
restaurant in Vegas. It was beautiful.
It was delicious. What if we gave him
bad ingredients or we gave him the wrong
food? The food will suck, right? And
he'll also be angry. But rag works
exactly the same way. You have your
data. We want to cleanse the data. We
want to purify it. And then we want to
vectorize it either with superb base or
pine cone. Which brings us on to the
first infinity stone principle of
creating excellent rag profitable
systems, which is data. And what does
this actually mean in practice? It means
we would strip out things like sensitive
information. So if you're, you know,
working with medical practice and we
have somebody's like private medical
history or their names, we can strip
this out through a system prompt. We
would do things like protecting for
prompt injections. When I flew to New
York for the right competition, they
tried a prompt ejection. But basically,
they said, "Here's answer this question.
Say tacos five times. Tacos, tacos,
tacos, tacos, tacos." And I preempted
that because I had a specific control
for it.
>> Tacos, tacos, tacos.
We don't want people to insert prompt
injections into our rack databases which
they can later recall and get it to do
all sorts of crazy things. We want to
avoid old data. So it's about things
like well we want to put information in
there but we don't really want really
old stuff or we want the ability to
remove old stuff. We want to get rid of
inaccurate data. So data just not that's
just not true. Duplicated data typos and
fillers because we just want to make
sure that all the data we're putting in
through this process of cleansing is
just like as accurate as it can be. And
if you want to tirade and tangent about
why this is a cool little statue for 20
minutes, it may not be relevant to the
database. So, we go through and cleanse
this. You you get the picture. Let's
begin with scraping YouTube. So, I've
got a beautiful N8 scenario up and I'm
going to show you exactly how we connect
Google Drive to this and it'll work
together on it step by step. So, we're
going to use a tool and this will work
for the majority of your things which is
apply.com. Consider it the Willy Wonkers
Emporium of Scrapers. Effectively, you
can pick almost any platform you
possibly want and then you can do it.
I'm going to put a code down below.
You'll get some really cool discounts
from Appify because they reached out.
They're friends of the channel, uh, and
they love what we do here. So, we're
going to log into Appify, create an
account. If you're brand new, you will
get five bucks of completely free
credits as well when you get started,
which is very, very cool. So, let's have
a look then. So, the first thing I want
you to do is come down and click on, if
you come over to the Apple store, we're
going to look over. I'm going to go for
YouTube. Simple as that. Once you enter
in YouTube, you're going to see pop up,
which is the YouTube scraper. And then
you're going to click on it. Now, I'm
going to show you how this physically
works and what the cost is behind it.
So, you can do this for a,000 videos for
$5. You'd want to use YouTube, by the
way, because it's like the biggest
supply of information on the planet,
which is really cool. So, let's say
we've got all this information. I want
you to come down here and click on
direct URLs. And then we're going to
enter in a YouTube URL. Cool. So, I'm on
my YouTube channel. We're going to copy
this video URL real quick. So, copy
video URL. Come back over to Appify and
we're going to click on the direct URL,
which is cool. Then click on download
YouTube transcript and we download the
subtitles and save subtitles to key
value store. That's absolutely fine. And
as you can see there's loads of filters
and things that we can do. Now whenever
you scrape from a website like ampify my
recommendation to you is that we firstly
get it working in the platform and then
once it's working in the platform we
then bring it over to N8 to do that. So
I'm going to do here is click save and
start for example. This then fires up
which is now starting the run which is
excellent. And then we'll see the actual
transcript that lines with an app. And
just like that guys we have all of this
beautiful data. So I can represent this
as a JSON for example and we see all the
information. So we've got the title, the
ID, the URL, how many likes it got, the
date it was on, the channel URL, all
this beautiful stuff. And then I can see
all fields here. And then this will show
me the entire transcript with
timestamps. How freaking cool is that?
Of course, you can remove timestamps if
you want to in the settings. So this is
really cool. So let's go back over to
the YouTube scraper. Now once you played
around with the settings and you've got
the thing that you want, and by the way,
you can also just download it based on a
search term. So, I could say search for
the word rag and then download the last
10 videos. You can do like a million
different things. You can do date
ranges. You can even do channel URLs
within the last x number of days, which
is pretty freaking cool. So, let's say
that we want to scrape my channel. I'm
going to grab my URL. I'm going to come
over to the scraper and I'm going to
come down and let's have a quick look.
So, we're going to go relative and I'm
going to say I want this to scraper
every 7 days, which is cool. And then
we're going to go down and add my
channel in there. So, let's bring this
now into NAM. So all you do is you come
over to JSON and you can see you've got
all this JSON here and effectively we're
just going to come ahead and copy that.
What we want to do is basically bring
this and import it into our any
scenario. So you click on API over here
and you click on API endpoints and then
what I personally like to do with APIs
like this guys is I basically just copy
all the information. I head over to chat
GPT and I give it a prompt guys like
based on this info give me a call
request to run asynchronously so that I
can request information. It will
retrieve it and send the output as part
of a module. This was using appy editor
and they just post all of that
information in there which is cool and
then we'll get what is known as a call
request from chat GPT which is great and
then we can bring it in. So the way this
would work is we would come down to
advert and we'll click on this button
over here and we go http request and I
actually came over to claude cuz chatttp
was taking ages. We come back over here
we paste this one in and then we can
import and as you can see we got all
this beautiful data. Now what we need to
do is just fill some of the stuff in.
And by the way, I'm also going to do is
I'm going to give you this blueprint
down here, which is a YouTube
competitive scraper. So you can just
download this and plug and play if you
want to download it from several
different YouTube channels. I just want
to show you how this works and then you
can just install this blueprint to kick
some butt. So let's come back over to
thing here. Now we need an API token. So
we're just going to shoot back over to
ampify. We are going to go over down
here to app. Let's have a quick look at
where we are. I believe it is in the
settings then API integrations. And then
you have your token here or you can
generate a new one. You just simply copy
that and you come back over to your
scenario. Then when it says apply token,
you just simply paste it in there. And
then in here guys, we're just going to
come and replace this with URL that
appears when we're on your YouTube
channel, which of course is right there
at the top, which is really cool. So
then we come back. And then that's done.
Max results I'm just going to set to
five for a moment. Come off this. And
then what we can do is simply execute
the request like so. And just like that,
we've got five results, which is great.
You can click on this and take a look.
And we have all of the beautiful
information, the channel description,
all this beautiful ids, loads and loads
and loads of really cool things. And
then we have lots of information that we
can just use and leverage whenever we
like. And then guys, what we would need
to do is come back over to Appify, copy
the JSON that we're happy with, you come
back over, put it in, and then when it
executes, it will actually download all
of the information for us. And now we've
got the data. What we're going to do now
is simply cleanse that data. So what
we're going to do is literally click on
a brand new module. We're going to add
in an AI chain. The reason by the way I
use the agent even without its agent
functionality. So you don't need an
agent if it doesn't have tools. But it's
my experience in NA10 that actually
using the agent feature is just way
quicker. So let me just come down and
give him a model just for argument sake.
Let's go for open AI. Little hack by the
way. If you want free models you can use
open router. They have loads of free
stuff. So it's like literally zero cost
with it. But we're going to use the
beautiful open eye for this one. Okay.
He's locked and loaded memory. No need
to do that. And we can just keep him
like this. So then let's say for example
we wanted to give them some information.
So let's go down onto instead of connect
to chat trigger node go for define below
and then we want to come down and we've
got the text there in it and then we've
got the description links we've got
loads of stuff. So let's find out where
all the information is that we got.
Okay. And here we have all of this
information here. What I want to do
basically is just cleanse this
information. So what I'm going to do is
come here for example and I'm going to
go down for a code node which is cool
which is kind of like the WD40 the do
anything you want to in N8 node. I'm
just going to strip this out. So within
N8N we're going to click on the agent
and what I want to do is give it this
prompt which of course is the big and
beautiful uh SRT here. All right
awesome. Then guys what I want to do is
come down to add options. Click on
system message and we're going to give
it this following prompt here. Okay is
essentially this. So you're a transcript
cleansing specialist. Optimize for rag.
Now this is really key your cleansing
process because remember garbage in
equals garbage out. So remove filler
words and vibble ticks because things
like what who now it doesn't really
matter without obviously altering the
context. Remove non-content elements. So
you can um even include in that stuff
like hey subscribe to the channel or do
this or do that. So it's we're not
adding kind of false data to our system.
Transcription errors. So a good example
is like N8N and it comes off as like a a
weird number instead, right? Because
remember it's just transcribing based on
the voice. So we can actually have the
AI translate that. So if you've got like
a funky business name, this is a really
cool process for you because if I ask a
question about it with the correct
spelling and you actually use video
content, it's not going to know like
what the thing is. That's why this
cleansing process is so important and
nobody's telling you about this, but
obviously I'm telling you right now.
This is really freaking important if you
want to be in the top 1% 1% of rag. And
let's be honest, guys, that's why we're
here to kick ass, right? Preserve
important elements. Optimize for rag
output clean readable text organized by
target segments. Cool. So, we're going
to come off this. That's literally all
we do. And then all we're going to
freaking do, guys. I'm going to pin this
data, which in any just means that we're
locking locking the data. Don't need to
rerun it. One of the reasons why it
makes it easier in any. And then we
execute the workflow like this. And then
we have the agent doing its magic which
is beautiful. And once that's done, we
can then start to vectorize it in it.
Now I'm going to show you a secondary
place where we can vectorize it called
Superbase. Now Superbase and Pine Cone
are two different secretaries. Not even
secretaries. Think of them as like
recruitment agencies, okay? And they
both have their pluses and their
minuses. And to be completely honest
with you guys, the best system can
leverage both of them for different
reasons. They're just like different
filing cabinets. Basically, one is one
is green and one is black. So, what you
do is you're going to head over to
Superbase. I want you to create an
account or sign in. It's free to do. And
then once you're in, you're going to be
prompted to create a project. What you
can do down here and basically give it a
project name, get your database
password, and I want you to save that
for a moment and then create a new
project. And then you'll see something
that looks a little bit like this. So,
you click on your own individual
project. This is one that I was playing
around with earlier and is very, very
cool. Now, don't look at this and be
intimidated. Honestly, once you've seen
this a couple of times, you'll be like,
"Jack, it's like looking at the back of
my hand." I absolutely freaking love
this platform. So, what happens? This is
now completed. And as you can see, we've
got all of this stuff, which is now
cleansed and makes a lot more sense,
which is really cool. And whilst that's
creating the background, one of the
things we'll notice in this cleansing
process is that the output is actually
significantly shorter than the big
video. And one of the reasons for that
is cuz this video is like over 2 hours
long. So the AI model summarization does
well with shorter text, but it runs into
a problem if it's really long. So the AI
is doing something what we call
probabilistic, which is we could ask it
10 times, get 10 different responses,
but we typically want more control. So a
better way to do this is actually to add
in a code note, which is also known as
WD40 or the will do anything you want
thing. And what we can actually do with
this is specify certain things that we
don't want to include. So for example,
you could say I don't want any names in
it. I don't want any filler words like a
or I want any mention of XYZ completely
removed. You can head over to a platform
like Claude Chat GPT and basically just
say hey write me a JavaScript function
that will remove X these following
things from my transcript and you'll get
something that looks just like this and
you can basically copy it. Come over to
N8N click on your code in JavaScript
come up here enter. And then you can
execute the step and effectively what it
will do is just automatically cleanse
it. Now, every rag project you have
might be different. This just lets you
do that. And what's really cool here is
we absolutely have everything that we
requested and gave it in full detail
without it. If you were to give chat GPT
a 2hour 40-minute video, the reason we
do rag is it wouldn't know the context.
Then we've got that stuff. We can
actually physically vectorize it and
kick some butt. So, we've got this
information is how to actually connect
it to Superbase. So, to do that, what
we're going to do is bring this guy out
of here for a moment. I'm going to pin
this information and we're going to
click on this. I'm going to click on
superbase. Now, one of the powerful
things about superbase is the fact that
we can use it for databases. And I'll
explain what that means in a minute, but
it means we can give it like a thousand
rows or thousand pieces of data and we
can ask it relational questions like
what are the trends in churn or what are
the trends in growth and all this sort
of cool stuff. So, we're going to go
down for a vector store with Superbase.
So, let's have a quick look. Click on
Superbase vector store. I'm going to
click on add documents to a vector
store. Now, this is your first time
doing it. You need to follow these exact
things. You need to click on docs. Okay,
you're going to scroll down and you're
going to click on quick start for
setting up a vector store. So guys, what
we're going to do is we're going to over
to the SQL editor and we're just going
to paste in that information. And then
you're going to click on run. And what
that will do is basically create your
database for you. And if it comes back
with success, no rows returned. That is
code for really cool freaking news. Now
we come over to NA10 and you have your
Superbase vector store. Okay, so we
click on this guy which is cool. You're
going to need to create a new
credential. So to do that, you'll click
on this here. You'll click on create new
credential and it'll ask for a host and
a service ro secret. What on earth does
that mean? Well, we head back over to
the beautiful superb base over here. We
are then going to go over and make sure
I'm in the right one here. So, we're
going to go for coffee, I think, is the
one we want. Okay, beautiful. Now, come
down to project settings and you'll have
a project ID. So, on this credential
thing, guys, I want you to come down and
name it your thing. So, I'm going to
call this one coffee connection. Okay,
now you'll have host. It's literally
like this, but you're going to get this
information here. You are going to
remove that and you're going to look for
if you can see right here we've got a
dot. Let me remove this down. Beautiful.
We're looking for our unique identifier
which for us is this in the stream. So
if you go to your URL it'll be project/
a big code settings. So you come back
over and you basically put that in there
and you're good to go. Then you need
your service ro secret. And to do that
we're going to find this in the
settings. It will be in API keys on the
left hand side and you'll see service ro
secret. Just reveal and copy that. And
so for me, I come back, I paste this in
here, and I click on save, and it should
come back green. Green is good. We like
this. Cool. And that's basically it.
Then if I click on table name, it should
load up. And as we can see, we've got
documents and RPC/ documents. And so
we're just going to click on documents
with this embedding batch size 200.
Don't worry about it. Now, we're going
to come down here to embeddings. We're
going to use OpenAI's model on this one
real quick. So we come down here. Let's
just go for here. Text embedding too
small is fine. And then we click on
document. document is going to be
default data loader. Now, because we're
doing text, we're going to be using
JSON, which is fine. Now, instead of
simple, we're going to do custom. And
so, we're going to get a little bit more
details here. And a text splitter. This
is basically how you want it to be split
out. Now, because it's a video that's
building points over time, I'm going to
go for a chunk size of 2,00 with a chunk
overlap of 400. So, lots of really
interesting stuff happening in there.
And then, we're going to click off this
and be okay. Now, what we're going to do
is simply hit one button and vectorize
it. So, I'm going to execute the
workflow real quick. It's now working in
the background. It's now uploading all
the data, which is really cool. And as
we can see, it's pipping. It's popping.
It's having a good time. And it has
successfully created 431 items. So, if I
come back over to the tables now, we
have one table. So, we can come down
here to table editor and let's have a
quick look and refresh. I believe we go
down through to database actually and we
have documents. We can open up the
documents and then once it's load, we
will see all of the information. So, we
have all the content, all of the
metadata, which I'm going to come on to
shortly about what we do with that, what
that looks like. But you can see we've
got the content, loads of information
and text all the way through, and it
goes all the way down like this, which
is really cool. Now, the second thing
we're going to rank is going to be
websites and also RSS feeds. And you're
thinking, what does that mean? Well,
basically, a key thing for us to be able
to do is to scrape any information from
any website. So, I'm going to show you
the easiest way to do this in the world.
First of all, we're going to trigger the
scenario with a click, not click up,
although it is great project manager
software. Trigger manually. Cool. And
what we can do really easily is come
down and have http request. Phenomenal.
And then we can say get and give it any
URL we want to. So, for example, I've
got this random page here on Wikipedia
about coffee because as you know guys,
without our coffee, what are we
actually? So if you come back over here
and you click on the URL and very simply
hit execute tab and this will do is
bring down all of the information from
the entire website and then what we can
do is just convert this from HTML to
text. Now any has a beautiful node for
this. You just type in HTML and this S
for superhero appears. So click on
extract HTML content and we have all
this cool stuff here. So JSON property
is data. It's just referring to the name
of this the key SS CSS selector. You
just can type in body. I think that is
good and I believe this will just work
for us actually if I just click on
execute step and just like that we have
all the stuff without the internet
gobble with the guck and obviously once
we've done that we can just vectorize it
in the exact same way that we did with
our last scenario uh which we don't have
which is one thing now how do you take
this a level further so we can then
pretty much get any website you want to
input it with anything extract the text
and just like we do the YouTube
automation just kind of like completely
vectorize it and guys I just bought in
the YouTube thing and obviously you can
just connect these things together and
just replicate the process and
eventually you have them all connecting
as part of one mega system effectively.
So this is really cool and helpful now
for doing websites. But let's say for
example then what we wanted to do was do
something on an RSS feed which is like
Jack that's great but anytime that you
do a video or anytime someone has an
article I want to vectorize that. So how
on earth would we do that? Well to do
this we would use something very cool
called really simple syndication which
is cool. It always makes me laugh when
someone's got to say. It's really
simple. So, RSS.app is freaking so cool.
So, you're going to this page, big blue
with some yellow stuff. Going to go
ahead and click on login or sign up.
Now, what RSS will let you do guys is
basically generate a feed for anything.
So, you can type in any name you want to
like Elon Musk for example. If I click
on generate feed, effectively what we
can do here is track anything. Could be
Twitter, could be Instagram, YouTube.
Anytime there's any content on any
topic, we can actually get an automatic
update the second that that happens. And
on RSS obviously you can get any feeds
for anything. So if I come over to NAN
for example and I show you what we can
do here. We can click on this. We can
click on RSS. Click on RSS feed trigger.
And effectively what it will do is
anytime any articles created on that
topic or that created you like post this
will trigger. So if I come over here for
instance and let's execute this workflow
which is triggered up to the NA10 thing.
What it does is pull down the
information. So if a second is updated
it grabs it. And just in exactly the
same way with websites, we can then go
ahead and trigger it. This is
particularly good, guys. And if you an
RSS app, you can actually create
bundles. And bundles could be where you
add separate creators like I like this
YouTuber, this YouTuber, this YouTuber,
this YouTuber. And the second that any
of them post or create a video, we can
grab that and just like previously
download the transcripts and build this
out into something absolutely
incredible. But obviously with RSS
feeds, you can do across any social
media platform like X. You can even have
anytime they let the words Bitcoin is
mentioned online. I want you to grab the
article and I don't want you to include
certain terms and other terms. You can
customize that. You get a complete free
trial on RSS if you want to go ahead try
that out and kick some ass with it.
Beautiful. So, we've done YouTube, we've
done articles. Next, we're doing the big
and beautiful emails. How freaking cool
is that? So, this can be done from
Gmail. It can be done from Outlook. So,
let's have a Gmail trigger. If you've
not connected Google to NA10, I'm going
to put a link on screen for you to
follow that. Takes about 3 minutes. Go
click those buttons and once you're
done, I'll be waiting for you when you
come back. All right, welcome back. Hope
you got the coffee. Let's do Gmail. So,
first thing I'm going to do is on
triggers. So, the way that I like to do
this essentially is, hey, anytime I get
a message, fire off. So, let's have a
look at Gmail. So, if I come down here
and exit the workflow real quick. Okay,
so I've fetched a test event. I've got
one from Air. It's cool. You can do
simplify or complicated. I recommend
that you do basically nonsimplification
and we come down on pin and test. All
right. And then we've got way more data
which is really cool. Now the way we
want to do this basically is extract out
the core information that we think is
really important. So the first thing we
want to do is get a set node real quick
which is this. And then we're going to
bring over the data, right? So we're
going to grab over what would be
relevant to us. I guess we'd have
something like sender would be number
one. So who it's from. So this is from
no reply air table. Very cool. We want
to have the subject. Let's come down
here. Beautiful. We probably want to get
the date as well, right? So, let's get
the date that it was sent. And as you
can see, was sent on Monday, the 29th of
September, which is cool. So, get the
date it was sent on. And then finally,
most likely probably just the actual
message itself, right? And we type in
body. We should get that. We don't want
the HTML there. We want the full
non-HTML version, which we can get under
text here. Cool. And then we just have
here body. Cool. All right. Sweet. So,
we've got this information. I'm going to
pin this so we can use it. And I'm also
going to execute this real quick. And
then we've got the data. So the way that
we would do this is we convexize
information, but then we want to store
that other information like who it's
from and all that other key things as
metadata. You're thinking, damn, Jack,
what is this metadata? Metadata is just
basically data about data. So when we
ask it questions in future, we have like
the actual text, but it provides useful
context like well when did this data
come into be? Like it just helps you
make better decisions. Like you know a
conversation you you and I have fresh
face ready to kick some butt at 10:00
a.m. Monday morning drinking our
beautiful coffee is probably more like
worthwhile data than when we're drinking
Guinness at 2 2 a.m. Right? So it's all
subject to when you know actual
information about the data. So what
we're going to do here very simply is
just simply vectorizes. So again
superbase vector store. Okay. Come down
here. I'm going to go down for I believe
we need the vectorization model here.
Right. So let's have a look. Superbase
vector store. We're going to click on
add documents to a vector store. And
effectively now we can add in metadata.
I'm going to show you exactly how you do
that. So it's the same thing. We can
again we pick the table name that we've
got. Let me just make sure that I've got
the right credential. And what did we
call this one? We called it coffee I
believe, didn't we? There we go. Coffee
connection. Great. Table name should
then appear. We want the documents for
this one which cool. Embedding batch
size. Don't worry about that just yet.
It's just basically how much do you want
it to do in one go. Cool. Now we've got
this done. Let's actually then add in
the embeddings. Once again, embeddings
is going to be open AI. Phenomenal. Come
down. Very, very, very cool. Beautiful.
And then we click on document. Default
data loader. And then we've got JSON
because we're giving it text. Text
splitting can be simple. That's
absolutely fine. Now, in this default
data loader is when we're going to add
in the metadata. Okay. So, add options.
Click on metadata. And then we can
basically specify any fields we want to.
So, for example, this one is going to be
the sender who sent it to us. Cool. Then
we're going to go down. I'm going to
have the date. That would be cool as
well, right? Grab that date. and
anything you want to realistically. It's
really freaking cool like this. And then
we've got the actual body. We don't need
to add that in because obviously that's
not metadata, but we got subject data.
Yeah, we probably just want the subject
of the email. Cool. Come down. And then
that's great. And then you can add any
other information you want to. You can
also add unique identifiers and whatever
you want to. And I'll tell you in a
second, but you can add an AI model to
analyze this stuff ahead of a set node
to create it. So you could say, for
example, and I'll even show you this,
right? So, if I add in like an AI agent
as a quick for instance, I could say to
it something like define this below. I
come down and let's just say that I grab
like the text here. Come down and we
have the key information, the text.
Sweet. I could give it a prompt like
this, which will say something like
you'll get a message. I would like you
to give it a category from the below,
you know, and that could be anything
like admin, update, customer query,
anything you want to. You could even do
a segmentation agent if you want to.
That's better. But I'm just showing this
as an example. General opportunity, you
know, give me one word reply only. Okay.
Then you could actually execute this
step. This is just to show you what it
can do. Okay. We need to give it a
little model. So let's just give this a
chat model very quickly. Give him open
AI. Beautiful. And if I just ex unlink
and execute this guy, you'll see he's
now given us update. So then we can add
that to the metadata. And then that
would then go in and work for us. So
that's how you can get AI to actually
create for you custom bespoke stuff. So
if you want AI to do any analysis, we
can just add that module in, get into
the analysis, and it was a kick some
butt. So this is all cool and good. So
we click down here and let's actually
give this guy a little bit of I think
that's actually cool text and simple cuz
it's an email. I want it to be slightly
longer so we can get better basically
context because most emails typically
speaking are going to only be under
1,000 characters, but I just want to
actually make sure that we have that.
So, what I'm actually going to do is add
in a recursive character text splitter.
And I'm going to make the chunk size I'm
going to make it slightly higher, 2,500.
I'm going to make the chunk overlap like
probably around 500. Now, guys, what we
need to make sure that we give this
super base is one simple text output
with the information that we want. So,
we're actually going to add in a second
set node here. And its only job is just
the stuff that's going to get
vectorized. So, we're going to call this
one data. And we're literally just going
to grab over the body and set it there.
And that means that the only thing
that's going to get vectorized is that.
So if we actually come down now and
execute this down here, you'll see it
should only vectorize that one simple
item. It's added one item. So if we come
over to database and we come over here,
you can see that it's been added in
which is basically all the information
from the Air Table team. But because
we've added an additional step, we just
need to double check click onto default
data loader. And we need to change this
because when it says JSON ddata, it's
basically just referring back to the
last module and bringing it over. But
we're going back two modules decade
away. So far away. So we need to change
the information. So look, I click on
sender. I bring it over. Awesome. I
click on the date again. All we're doing
is finding the date and bringing it
over. Cool. And then we've got name,
which is cool. Let's bring this guy over
real quick. Let's have a look what we've
got here. This one is going to be okay.
We got date, we've got sender, and then
we've got subject. Right. Cool. And then
come over. And then we're just going to
grab in this subject here. Okay. Now,
when I come over and we execute this, we
will see it properly loaded into the
database. So, if I come over to our
coffee thing, you'll see this one here
doesn't have it because we didn't
specify it. But check this out. It's now
reloaded. If I come down here, guys,
look at this. We've got the date, we've
got the sender, we've got the subject,
we've got any other specific information
that we like at our fingertips. Now, the
cool thing here is that we just set this
to run on autopilot. So, now every email
that we get is going to get vectorized.
Now, one other little bonus tip we can
do, guys, is actually add in an if node,
which is really freaking cool. So, what
I can say here, for instance, is I can
actually say, well, look, if this value,
okay, let's just say we have something
string contains any keyword I want. So,
say for example, if it has something
like no reply, okay, let's just say
that. And actually, let's not say it's
that. Let's just say it is the person
emailing us. So, let's find out what the
individual's email is. I believe they
actually do have no reply. If I type in
no reply, okay, this is from no
replyable.com, right? So, what I'm going
to say here is look, I want you to
vectorize stuff, but dude, if it's from
no reply, I don't even want to see it.
So, if I just execute this trigger real
quick, it's no reply. So, I sent it
through to false. How freaking cool is
that? Which means that the only people
that we're going to vectorize emails
from is like we're not going to do
anything from a generic email. So, this
lets us configure this in a really cool
way. Now, I'm going to show you a couple
more ways we can get this data. Then I'm
going to show you how you actually query
this in a really cool chat interface.
Okay, so to summarize, we're YouTube,
we've got articles, we've got emails.
Now, let's take a look at meeting
intelligence. This one is really
freaking cool. So, what I personally use
on every single meeting that I do
because again, I give you the stuff that
works, the stuff that I personally use
and seen work my businesses, I use
Fireflies. Now, here's a cool thing
about Fireflies is that what it will
actually do is join every meeting you
have, which is really freaking cool. and
as just a a participator in the meeting
and then it will just take the entire
transcript. The second that meeting is
done, it sends you a summary of what you
talked about, which is great. And then
you can come in and have a look at your
meetings and all the stuff that you want
to do like this YouTube master class I
did, whatever, which is freaking
awesome. But what I personally want to
do is take all these meetings and I want
them auto vectorized, which means that
like I you know what if I had this chat
here with Dustin or YouTube master
class, whatever it is, and I want to ask
questions about that meeting. How would
I actually physically do that? And so
the way that this system works guys is
really freaking cool. So we have a
trigger where it runs periodically to go
ahead and grab our information from
Fireflies because Fireflies actually
stores 100% of the transcripts. We then
have this request here that basically
goes down. We give it an API key and
we're querying for a certain number of
transcripts from that. And if you
Fireflies account real quick now to find
your Firefly API key, come over to their
website, click on integrations, and then
you're going to look for Fireflyy's API.
Actually, I think I've got it here
connected actually already. So, if you
click on Fireflyy's API, then click on
edit and then you can click on get API
key or if you don't have it, you just
basically create it and then you'll edit
in scenario in this basically this
blueprint here. You'll just enter in
your bearer API key and you can specify
loads of stuff like how many files, how
many conversations you want to bring
down. Then we use this code, this code
module here, which is going to break
down the transcript for us and put it
into one simple output. We've got this
one here that is then going to go ahead
and actually grab all the transcripts
for us, which is really freaking cool.
Then what we do is we create a Google
document with that entire transcript on
it. And then we upload it to Google
Drive. And once we've got that, then we
can actually take that information once
we've downloaded it and then put it into
a vectoration store. Effectively meaning
that any meeting that we ever have with
anybody, we can vectorize that entire
process. I've done a full video breaking
down specifically this transcript thing
and how you can configure it for any you
want to. I'll put a link on screen as
well so you can double click into this.
But at the moment, we've got meetings,
we've got emails, we've got articles,
and also YouTube. Now, let's take a look
at books. So, there's a couple ways you
can do this. I showed you the form at
the beginning video. We can just upload
things. But a really cool one, guys, is
actually kicking it off with Google
Drive. So, if we come down here to
triggers and click on changes involving
a specific folder, which is cool. So, we
are going to go ahead and check check
basically pick a specific folder and I'm
going to select an account that does
have access to Google Drive. Okay, cool.
fact that say it's photos of Jack and
then I said I want you to watch for when
a file is created which is really cool
and then let's say I go over to that
drive and I've got the drive here and
let's just say I upload let's say upload
one Alex's books. So I'm just uploading
the $und00 million models. I come back
over to our scenario and then what I can
do here is essentially we're going to
find this and then we're going to
download it. So if I execute this
workflow real quick and it's waiting for
the thing as you can see it has
successfully identified that we have
uploaded a really cool book. So, what we
want to do is just download the data.
So, we click on this, click on Google
Drive real quick. Beautiful. And then
we're going to click on download. So, we
need to download the file to then put it
into our vector store. Right? So, what
we need to do instead of from list is go
by ID. And then here, we're going to
just quickly search for ID. Phenomenal.
And the ID we're looking for is this one
right here. Bam. Perfect. Cool. Then I'm
going to pin this data. So, we keep
reactivating it. I'm going to execute
this one more time. All right.
Beautiful. It's downloading the file for
us, which is fantastic. And it has done
it successfully. So let's have a look at
the file $100 million models Alexi.
Cool. Then all we do guys, we connect
it. We click on this guy and then
instead of crucially here tag JSON, we
change this to binary which is cool. We
don't have any of this metadata. So I'm
just going to remove it. And then
basically if I just pin this data and I
run this one more time, it will then
start to vectorize the entire database
for us. So then we can ask any question
we want to about it. And we can validate
that very quickly by coming over here.
And if I refresh this column, we should
start to see things flow in from Alex's
book, which should be arriving any time
now. And there we go. Look at this.
Okay, so we got here, we click on this.
Think about it this way. Blah blah blah
blah stuff. And what it's done
automatically is gotten some interesting
data pre-built in. So it's already
telling us the title, the author, the
creator, modified date, blah blah blah,
all this other kind of key data. So we
could ask questions, which is very
freaking cool. So then the question is,
well, Jack, that's great, but how do I
actually then go ahead and query this?
Well, let me add a barrier to this.
Okay, I've added a little color coder
because I got we are nothing without our
organization, right? So come down here.
Cool. So let's say then we wanted to
query this. Well, let's add in a chat
window because we want to have a
conversation with our data. So let's say
you come down to a chat trigger which is
where is he gone right now on a chat
message. Cool. We're going to add in an
AI agent as a for instance. Beautiful.
Fantastic. And it is going to be
prompted by the prompt. Very very cool.
All right. So let's give a open AI brain
very quickly. Okay. Very very cool
memory. Yeah, let's give it a very
simple memory. But in fact, you know
what guys? I'm going to show you
something really cool. This when we talk
about memory, it's one thing because
this memor is loaded in the window. But
what if we had an organization where we
had a thousand people using the system?
That would be interesting, right? But
then what if like we wanted the rag
system to be aware of who the individual
was who was asking the questions? What
we would probably want to do is actually
save their data and their information in
our database itself which we can
actually do with something called
Postgress and I'm going to show you that
in a second once I've shown you how this
works. So I'm going to give it a simple
memory for a second and then I'm going
to show you how we can actually store
all the conversations and questions
which is really cool. So let's say we
have a simple memory here with 40
context window which means 40
interactions. I can add a tool and all
I'm going to do as you might have
guessed is superbase vector store and
you know I told you we had pine cone. We
can also add pine cone here. So it can
reach over and grab and interact with
multiple different ones. So I've got
here which is superbase vector store
which is cool. And I'm going to say hey
this gives you access to books and just
put vector store. Beautiful. Now what is
really cool here is we just take the
table name which is cool. Let me just
get the right credential which is our
coffee connection. Table name. Let's
have a look at this one is going to be
documents. Limit is how many things do
you want me to bring back? I'm going to
switch you on to reank results soon. And
why that's really freaking cool. And
then we're going to be good. All right.
Cool. Sweet. So we come here and let's
go for the embedding and once again the
embedding is going to be the same
embedding we've always been using at the
moment which is text embedding three
small cool now we've got this
effectively we're just going to give
this a quick system prompt which
basically says something like help
assistant query the database when asked
beautiful all right let's ask it a
question now we're going to ask it a
question about the homozy money models
so for example give me an example
of a homozy
money model Okay, bam. We send that one
off. The agent's now working. It's
checking chat memory. It's checking
Superbase. It's getting the information.
And let's see if it gives us information
from that. Let's have a quick look.
All right, look at this. Look how crazy
this is, guys. It's actually called the
thing. And you can see now what it's
done. And by the way, we can make this
whole rag system, like I'm telling you
right now, a thousand times better than
this. I'm just giving you it piece by
piece so you can build it sequential
because I don't want to overwhelm you
with it. Okay, look simple meaning. This
is what it said. Give me model system
message formatting instructions. Now you
can tell what it queried with honey
money
model example. And then this is the
information it got back. It got back um
nine different responses that from the
nine different sections. So basically
what it did is it went over here and
just pulled back nine different things
and brought them back over which is
really freaking crazy. And that is how
you actually um get that stuff. That's
how it's searching it for us perfectly.
Now what I want to do next is add in a
bit of a stronger memory which is a
little bit of a level above this um so
you can understand going on. So what
we're going to do is actually get rid of
the simple memory. I'm going to come
over here and we're going to add in this
guy which is Postgress chat memory which
is really really really freaking cool.
So remember the reason we're doing this
is because it's way more scalable and
it's also searchable. In other words, we
can actually search the conversation
history. So we've got Mr. Elephant. The
question is how do we actually bump him
up? Well, look, you open up, come down
to, let me show you here, uh, currently
credential and you see this information.
Do not be intimidated by it. Come over
here. I want you to come over to connect
on superbase. You're going to scroll
down, which is cool. The type is going
to be psql. You're going to come down to
the bottom guy and you click on view
parameters. And all we're going to do is
the classic copy and paste. So, we've
got the host. We come back over here to
the host. Bam. Then we've got database
and user. Cool. Well, the database is
Postgress. Is that Postgress? It is
awesome. And the user is Postgress. But
here it's something slightly different.
So we come over and basically all you're
going to do is just bring this stuff
over and then we've got the port which
is 5432. But this one is also 5432. But
it's asking for a password. I don't know
about you. I don't really know what the
password was. So come to database
settings. I click on reset database
password real quick. Ask it to generate
a password for us. Copy it. Come back
over here. And all I'm going to do is
come down here to password. Enter that
in. And then click save.
And it says, now it says it can't
connect those settings. Don't worry
about that for the moment. Okay, come
off here. Now we've got the JSON ID,
which is fine. Um, it says it gives you
a red error simply because it hasn't
used it before. But don't worry about
that at the moment. Okay. Now, I'm going
to come down here. And so, for example,
guys, once you've added those details
in, you can just say something like Mosi
money, and it'll break down everything
in detail. But crucially, it's uses
Postgress chat memory. So, what does
that mean? Well, if I show you now guys
and I come over here to our database, we
should then be able to see this
Postgress chat member that's been added
in. So, let's quick a quick look over
here on project overview. And guys, if
you actually open up table editor, you
can see we now have these two things.
One is documents and one is NAM chat
history, which means that any time you
ask a question, it's actually going to
be there. You can see the message in
detail. So, you can actually have a look
at everything that was said by the AI
and what was asked as a question.
meaning that you have now something
that's scalable. You can search it. You
can see what conversations been having
and you can improve it, which is
freaking unbelievable. Now, next I'm
going to show you how do you get a
relational database. So, what if we have
lots of information and we have a big
CSV file and we want to ask it
questions. Well, what I'm going to do
here, guys, is actually show you this.
So, let's go over to Claude and generate
a fake CSV for the purposes of this
because it's quite different than
traditional rag. Now, I have to explain
why you can't rag a database. Say for
example we have I don't know 500 rows at
the top which is a lot of data and a
thousand rows down below or let's say 50
rows and a thousand rows down below. You
can't rag it because if I was to rag
like seven rows and seven rows and seven
rows you lose context like let's say we
have different fields like location and
price and you want the ability to have
the full context of the actual database.
So we cannot use traditional rack
instead we create a database and
fundamentally what we do is we query the
database. So, let me show you exactly
what I mean when I say that. But first,
we need to create a data set to show
what this looks like. So, let's head
over to Claude and I'm going to say
something like, "Hey, create me a CSV
fake file with lots of dummy data and an
ID." Bam. Something crazy. We'll get the
CSV. We're going to download that and
then we're going to add it in. Now, I'm
going to show you something really
freaking cool with databases that you've
probably not seen before and I've not
seen anyone talk about despite the fact
it's probably one of the most important
things you could possibly do. So, I've
got this crazy CSV file. We've got loads
of names. We've got people from
different locations. And then we're
going to throw this into Superbase. Man,
that coffee is freaking delicious. Okay,
so we've got this stuff. What we need to
do is actually save this real quick. So,
we're going to create a brand new table
of data. You're going to come on the
left hand side. You're going to come
down to database on the left and you
click on tables. Then you're going to
click on add a new table. I'm going to
call this one something like Jack with a
letter of K's and description is our key
people data. All right. Something like
that. Yes, that's fine. And what we can
do is basically identify the columns or
just import the data from CSV which is
exactly what we're going to do. So we
click on this button and then we just
upload the data which is awesome and
automatically that has populated the 20
individuals and then we click on save
which is cool. So this is really cool
and then we've got everything there and
then just click on save and then we have
a brand new database that exists and is
really cool. Whilst that's doing that
you're going to come back over now to
NAM. We're going to grab an AI agent
which is cool. have this guy here
triggered by that. Once again, we're
going to give him a cool model. So,
let's just duplicate this guy real quick
and bring him up. Obviously, you could
just connect it and drag it over, but I
don't know. I like the aesthetics of
keeping it separate. Now, what we're
going to do here, guys, is give it a
tool. Now, the tool we're going to grab
here, guys, is going to come down here.
We're going to go for Postgress. Let's
see if we can the Postgress tool.
Beautiful. Now, let's get the credential
that we've been using here, which is
going to be my beautiful coffee
credential, which we keep seem to lose.
Actually, no, we created a credential.
My apologies. Cool. And then we're going
to have a look at tool description set
automatically. Schema is public. That is
the one that we want realistically. And
then we got the table from the list. And
can you believe it? Jack has appeared. I
like it. Now the operation that we want
here is going to be select which is to
select rows from table and just leave
everything else as it is. Come over
here. Come to the agent and just give
him this prompt guys which is system
excuse me uh not this guy max
iterations. We don't need that. given
this prompt which is answers the
question by generating safe read only
SQL and returning results you must use
the SQL database when creating it so
does this work well why don't we ask it
a question that it should only know so
if we're actually over here we can click
this click in view and table editor and
we got information right so let's just
say for example I want to ask what
department is Joseph Lewis in right and
if it works it should be able to tell us
engineering so let's go over to any and
ask the question open chat and we're
going to refresh this I'm going to say
something like what department is Joseph
Lewis in? Let's have a look. It's now
checking the database. Let's have a
look. Joseph Lewis is in the engineering
department. Is that true? Well, let's
have a look. It is. So, what I want to
know, guys, is can it actually extract
information relationally? Can it for
example find all the average salary? So,
we've got 50 records here. So, I've just
asked this model very simply, what is
the average salary in the business? So,
and come back over here and we've got
all the salaries. So, if we did a quick
search of these and we added them all
up, uh, let's say we get the entire
list. In fact, I'm going to chat GBT and
calculate what the answer is. Now,
what's really freaking cool here, guys,
is not only has it given me the answer,
but it's also done it for active
employees. So, if I said, "Hey, do it
for all employees, active or no." You
can see that not only is it giving us
the answer, but what actually it's doing
is using the context of the entire
database. It knows, for example, in the
database that we've got, if I come over
to our beautiful scenario here, that
we've got the city, we've got the
country, we've got the hire date, we've
got the salary, we've got whether
they're even working with us actively at
the moment or not. And then it's
literally come back, guys, with a full
detailed list for any question that you
want to. Now, one really interesting
thing I want to be able to do now is
actually add information. So, check this
out. You can actually come here. Let me
bring this chat window down. Grab this
guy and duplicate. Bring it over here.
Now what let's say for example I wanted
to add a record to it and we're having a
conversation like oh I need you to
update something. What we can do instead
of operation we can insert or update.
Let's say I wanted to insert a row.
Okay. And then we've got all this
information. What we can do is let the
AI literally specify everything. How
freaking cool is that? And we can also
get it to update and do anything you
want to just by clicking the operation
and picking the one. Do you want it to
delete something? Do you want it to run
a query? Do you want to do anything
else? You could run a query that says
reduce the average salary by 10%. You
could do literally anything with this
stuff. So say for example now I want to
chat. I could say hey I would like you
to add me in a another row into the
database. Put their main city as Dubai
and put their salary as $125,000 and
randomize all the other information for
example. Okay I'm just showing you the
capabilities what you can do here. So
the model is doing his work. The agent's
working in the background. What we'll
see now is the insert rows in table and
progress module start to kick in. And
just like that guys, it's inserted a
row. So let's see if this has worked
properly. Let's see what the chat window
has come back and said. I've added a new
row. Okay, so let's go over and just see
what we've got here. So we should see a
51st row. So let's just refresh the
table and take a look at what we've got
there. Liam Roberts it $125,000 city
Dubai. Guys, just like that, we can now
edit this database, query it, and ask it
any questions that you want to. This is
the level 10 secretary. Let me show you
exactly what I mean cuz this is the best
illustration I could think of to show
you how important this is. So do you
remember before that we have over here
say for example you okay and you're the
person who's giving the data right and
then we have this beautiful assistant
here who's helping us out right and the
idea here is that the assistant takes
the data and they go over to our big and
beautiful filing cabinet and they just
basically store the information away.
But imagine if we had a secretary but
didn't speak English. We had a secretary
that didn't really know what they were
doing. They were disorganized. They were
just like a lowlevel secretary. And what
the point I make here is we call this
here in this instance this assistant is
the embedding model.
And the embedding model is just quite
simply the process of taking the data
and creating an embedding or creating
some a big long code basically. And
there are different levels that this
embedding model can be at. And what my
point here is that most people that you
follow or not all of them because some
are good but a lot of times people never
talk about the embedding model when
actually I want you to think of this as
difference between having a level one
assistant and a level 10 assistant. One
that is just the absolute best possible.
So think about this as who do you want
to organize the data in our big filing
cabinet. The better they are, the more
structured they are, the more powerful
they are, the actual better that your
rag database queries are going to be. So
it's the ability of the organization and
not only organization guys crucially the
ability to search. So we can talk about
a lot of specifics like graph rag. We
can talk about so many different types
of triple generation but the actual
vectorization of it is probably one of
the most important things that you could
possibly imagine. No probably about it
actually. It's one of the most
overlooked aspects of it and it it is
really really really freaking important.
And so we call this the level 10
secretary of a level tennis system. And
this is our second infinity stone
principle which is vectorization. And it
is so important. Now it makes a huge
difference. There are even, believe it
or not, leaderboards of this stuff. I
I'm actually not joking. Check it out.
Let me show you what I mean. So this
page up here. These are literally like
the world championships for
vectorization. That's how freaking nerdy
this thing gets. Okay, it is crazy. An
idea is that they have these different
benchmarks about how good the models
are. And what's really cool is they have
different specialtities. So for example,
you have this one here, which is
seventh, which is multilingual, which is
really good at getting stuff. And this
zero shot, by the way, is how good is it
just grabbing the thing? You can see all
these different density and embeddings.
Now, what most people use is Open AI,
right? Let's see if we can even find
Open AI here. Are they even on the list?
I I can't even find them on here, right?
If I just go for open AI and literally
I'm searching this. I can't see them
anywhere. Actually, maybe I can just
find them here. Open AI. Let's have a
look. Open AI. No. Okay. Text embedding
three small is 17th. It's got NA on
zeros. This is crazy. This is what most
people are using. And what I'm going to
show you here is how we can actually use
something that is in the top seven, top
five, top 10. And what we're going to be
using here is multilingual E5 instruct.
So instead of a level one assistant,
we're actually going to use a level 10.
That's the kind of difference we're
going to get there. So I'm going to show
you exactly how we do this together. So
to do this, we're going to do what?
Well, we're going to add an NA10 form so
I can show you what that looks like.
Let's add a quick form in here real
quick to generate a thing. Let me just
come down and build this one up on a new
event and add some information in. Okay,
cool. Now to do this, we're going to use
Pine Cone Vector Embeddings. Okay, so
we're going to come down here and show
you this. So again, Pine Cone vector
store and we're going to come down here
to add documents to vector store. Now we
need to actually head over to Pine Cone.
All right, let's head over to Pine Cone
and do this. And the reason we're using
Pine Cone instead of Superbase here is
when I went and did the research on
this, I actually couldn't get Superbase
to register with a more powerful model
because of the misalignment with like
the the databases that they just
wouldn't support a stronger embedding
model on Superbase when I was playing
around with it. So which is why I I came
back to Pine for this. Let's sign into
this Pine Code very quickly. Okay, so we
are logged into Pine Code. What I'm
going to do, guys, as hard as this is,
I'm going to delete this this thing
here. Get it out of here. So, planet is
going by. Now, the reason for this is
when we create the index, we actually
establish what this embedding model is.
So, index has been terminated. Thank
you. Come down to create index. Now,
what do now? I want you to come and
select this guy here, multilingual E5
large, which is the seventh best on the
entire leaderboard, which is freaking
cool. We're going to call this one here
big boy. Big boy with an I which is cool
and then we've got all the key
information here which is very very
decent. Come down serless fine create
index. Fantastic. All right. Now we got
big boy. He's having a good time. We've
come back over now to our N8N scenario.
Now embedding. This is where it gets
very interesting. Click on embeddings
hooking face interface and we need to
give it the model name. And what I've
done guys actually brought these
different squares over to make it easier
to have a look at. So we've got pine
cone vector store. Let me just bring and
make sure we got the big boy selected
which is cool. Now the model I want to
pick is this inflow for/multilingual.
But again I'll put this down below so
you can have a look at it and kick some
butt with it. E5 large instruct. That's
basically it. But what we've got to do
basically in order to do this is connect
it to hoging face. So let me show you
exactly how you do this. You come over
to hoggingface.com and we're going to
come over here to oh my goodness. Let me
come create an account very quickly. We
need to get an API section. So come down
to access tokens. We're going to sign in
very quickly and then we're going to use
this access token to do it. So create
new token and then basically give it a
name. call it big boy and then we can
give it access to all the repositories.
Come down here and then we just select
everything we want to have a look at.
Then once you've then created a token,
you copy it, you come back over to
beautiful scenario and then you just
simply connect it and you're ready to
rock and roll. So let's give this a
specific example. It's going to come
down here to on form submission one. So
let's do this. Upload a book. So we've
got it here. We're going to add in a
file. Cool. And I've given it the money
models book from Horosi. We click on
submit. And that is excellent. So we
then come back over here and as you can
see there is now been vectorized in our
beautiful model which is really freaking
cool. Beautiful. And that is complete.
So let's head over to big boy and we'll
refresh this guy. So we've got and this
has brought back everything for us. Cool
little tweak by the way you can mess
around with in pine cone is you can
actually search yourself by clicking on
the text field. So pine cone database is
loading up doing its beautiful pine cone
related thing. I've got my beautiful ice
latt kicking some butt spilling all over
the place. Cool. So what effectively
have we done that? We vectorized it with
this bigger model. Now what this means
for us is that equally don't worry about
the free ranker for a second. We'll come
on to that shortly. But when we're
asking it questions, right, we got this
chat interface. What we can
realistically do here and we have the
rag memory is once again you just have
the exact same thing. We copy and paste
it, bring it over with the exact same
Pine Cone thing that we did last time.
And as you can see now on Pine Cone, we
have all of the information we have down
here all the text which is awesome. And
I will tell you guys that my personal
experience using this thing is freaking
insane. Like genuinely speaking, the
quality that I get is outrageous. Again,
barely anyone does it. It's
unbelievable. And despite that, it's
like the most powerful thing that you
can do by changes vectorization model.
It's insane. So, let's give it a new
prompt. And I can test you show you how
this works. Add another trigger. We're
going to come down here to on chat
message. And then we're just literally
going to query this database together.
Come down here. Beautiful. And then we
can actually and then I'm going to ask
it a question here. What is the most
powerful money model? And again, it will
go ahead now and check it vector
database to see exactly what it can tell
us. And you can see there's all the
things it's asking here now. It's
literally multiple different questions
being posited there. We're getting all
the responses back. I'm back just like
this. And I will tell you from my
experience when I was preparing for the
NAN like AI agent rag competition. I
spent a lot of time with this model and
it is way way way more powerful than the
open embedding string. Now,
vectorization is really powerful, but if
you don't understand this third
principle, you're leaving so much
performance on the table. And I want to
call this out by highlighting that we
have three things here. First of all, we
have our CEO and she's asking questions
about the data, the information, the
filing cabinet. We have our assistant
who goes forth and finds the answer. And
then we've got the actual filing cabinet
itself, right? Where all the data and
information is stored. But what if the
CEO is really bad at explaining the
thing that they want? For example, with
the money models thing, let's say I say,
"Hey, what's the best money model?" But
I don't articulate it in the right way.
Because we know the question you ask is
more important than the answer. I can
give you the right answer, but if you're
not asking the right question, it's
pointless. So, the idea here is that
what if you just aren't asking the model
the right kind of question, and there's
what you want, and there's what you ask
for, right? It means that the assistant
doesn't really know which piece of data
they need because the assistant here is
basically trying to interpret what you
want. The AI model is thinking about,
okay, this is what Jack's asking me and
then is going to search. But if it if
but if you're not clear, you're asking
the right question, it does a bad job of
that. So you get bad results. Now the
third principle here is what we call
prompting and queries, which is
gamechanging. Now we have the filing
cabinet with the data. Okay? And the
idea here is that we want to add in two
steps. We want to add in a middle
management. This is the only time middle
management is actually good. And I call
this the query rewriter. So the idea
here is that we have the boss who's
asking a question. And then this query
rewriter takes your question and has
full context and understanding of what
your rag database is actually about.
Common terms, common expressions,
information about your business. and it
will take your query from a certain like
type of query and actually rewrite it
for the AI model. And this works for a
few different reasons. Number one, AIS
or 400 IQ interns, right? So the idea
here is that if you give it 16 things to
do, it will do them really poorly. But
if you have a specialized sub AI agent
whose only job is to rewrite your
question better, you will get
significantly better queries to your
rack database. And the better questions
and more specific things that we ask it,
the better responses that we get, which
is why this query rewriter is so so so
important. Now, in practice, this is
what it looks like. So, effectively, we
all we're doing is adding in a secondary
model with this reranker. What's really
cool about having like what we call a
parallel tool calls a genic is that the
agent can actually reach over and query
the vector database with a few different
queries at the same time, which makes it
more highly effective. And we basically
tell this agent that it needs to take
the user's query first of all and then
run it through the query reranker. You
could do if you wanted to as well have
the chat message a query rerank iter
here and then go through to the agent.
One of the reasons I like having it down
below is the agent can ask it questions
listen and if it needs to then call upon
it a second time it can do which I think
is a is a huge advantage. Then effect
what happens is the agent calls a query
reranker. It then asks the questions in
a better way. Then it consults the rack
memory. Then it gives you a better
thing. So we're getting way way way
better consultations over there. Now
this is where it gets even freaking
cooler. So look, I'm going to click on
inspected database here. You can also
click on this limits for I'm going to
increase the limit here to 20. Okay? And
what I'm also going to do is rerank the
results by adding in cohhere's reranker.
Now what cohhere does, it's a specific
thing. So what we're saying is I want
you down to go to the bookcase. Get me
20 bucks, 20 bits of information. And
then we've got another model that says,
and this is the analogy here, that we
have a re-ranker in the middle that sits
between the assistant that gets the
information and is like, Jack, you've
given me like 20 things. I'm going to
pick the four best of the 20 things. So,
we get another level of optimization on
top of that. And adding this coher
ranker is so simple, it's crazy. It's
reranker, coher, and you just make an
account on that website by going to
reranker, coher, and then you just grab
the API key, and it's done. And then we
rerank. Literally, that's it. and then
it is ready to rock and roll. So let's
ask it a question about the book, right?
So if I said something like, what would
be the best model for a I don't know a a
I don't know monthly MR subscription
business. It's a really bad question,
but I just want to show you how this
kind of works, right? So we've got this
question here. The agent's now speaking
to the reranker who's given some
information and then it's checking the
rack memory database and it will rerank
the stuff and then it will give us the
answers which is really cool. So it's
just nice that it's done that. You can
actually see all the things it's got
there. best financial models for monthly
recurring revenue, MR subscription,
business revenue forecast, insurance
prediction. So, you see now how it's
taken my crap question, which I I made
it crap on purpose, and it's actually
then transitioned that into something
that is probably more relevant like
keywords like MR, things that you would
expect to see and think. Look at this
guys for example, offer sequencing,
model, subscription, business
optimization. It's got loads of things,
best financial models. What else has it
got on this? Like you can see the
quality is continuity, subscription,
business. Guys, these are insane. like
you compared these four things compared
to what I said. It's like speaking I
don't know like like a 2-year-old versus
a PhD scholar. It's insane. And then
we've had the information back and then
what we can do is check out what result
we got. So have a look at this TLDDR the
best money model for month blah blah
blah. And so now we're getting
significantly better results. I cannot
emphasize enough how important this is
and it's like no one does it and so I'm
so sick to show this master class cuz it
is so freaking insane and we've got all
the things. We've got examples, numbers
that matter, pitfalls and checks and
it's literally insane. And in fact, I'm
actually going to pull this up on the
system here to show you this because
this is really key, a really key detail
to understand. And this idea that when
we do rag, okay, effectively, we can do
it in a couple of different ways. And
I'm oversimplifying this a little bit
just to kind of like give you like big
results for small inputs is we can have
something on a very local level. Okay,
which is basically imagine our librarian
example, okay? Where we have like a
million gazillion different books. We
can have it in a way that it will only
ever tell us the information in the
book. So if I say is this illegal or is
this against our policy, the language
model in this instance here will go over
to the book, grab the information and
quote it back to you and it won't add
any any additional information. It won't
kind of um dilute its core message. Then
we have this idea of global and
essentially the idea behind this one is
that we do have the book but in addition
to that book the AI is kind of saying
look I get that you've got the book but
in addition to that I also happen to
know loads of other pieces of
information from several other books. So
it will tell you it will use the
knowledge and information you've got
about it being illegal based on your
source text. But in addition to that
said, look, I also happen to know
because I'm a freaking AI, I know
everything that there's some additional
context that I'm giving to you. So we
have these two different trainins of
thought here. One is I only want to know
this specific thing and the other one is
I want the best answer whether or not
that includes my core data. Now there's
ways that we can actually deliver this
in our systems in our rack systems based
on what your business needs and what the
client needs. Now how do you do that?
Well, one is in the agent itself when
it's querying it, we can actually add
metadata filters say that like look,
you're actually going to search for
certain metadatas and I only want you to
bring back things that are within X date
range or you must quote the specific
part and that gives us some beautiful
like kind of um configurability and
asurances that it's only going to call
back and do it so that we know that when
we get the information we get a specific
quote about where that was. So for
example, even if I show you now in the
big boy database, if we have a look at
this, right, we've got lots of different
metadata on this thing here, right? So
we've got the book that it came from and
you've got the lines that are in the
book. So essentially, if we're actually
adding in metadata about the thing, we
can then add these as metadata filters
in the scenario to make sure we get
something specific. But what's really
important as well when you're doing the
prompting is that you specify whether
you want it to be specific or you're
happy for it to kind of draw out like
the main key point that you're trying to
find. And just for an example of that,
if you come over to Superbase, you can
come down here. We can add in our
metadata filters. So you come down to
add options, metadata filter, and then
you can literally add the fields and the
values that you want it to filter by. So
it's only going to pull down things that
fit in with your metadata. Now, why this
is so cool is we can have the AI specify
email sender. So do you remember in our
superbase database and I'll pull this up
real quick so you can have a quick look
at it where we where we vectorized
emails. We could say look if it's now
going to the rag it will only be able to
go back and search for the specific
emails that we gave it. Right? So let me
come and actually show you this real
quick. Let's come over to our beautiful
database like in the Jack thing right
we've got the things here and also in
our document section we've got all the
information like emails and PDFs and
things. So we know that the third most
important part of rag is the prompt.
Now, I want to show you exactly why this
is so critical so you can leverage it
and 10x the quality of it. So, we've
done the vectorization. We've got a
super powerful assistant. Now, what
we've got really is the prompt itself.
So, I've got this rag master prompt
here. Now, what's really crucial and
there's so many different variables
based on your specific use case. For
example, what we would do is customize
this whenever you're building a rack
system. We have you are insert expert
role. Your task is to answer the user's
question only using retrieved context
provided below. And I'm going to show
you something about prompting with rag
guys that I've never seen anyone mention
because I went down very deep rabbit
holes to this. So all you simply do guys
is you go through this and you're going
to remove things. So you must act as a
is it a domain expert, a data analyst, a
research summarizer, an adviser giving
recommendations. So for instance, if we
were building a chatbot in my name like
a Jack GPT or a Hormosi GPT or a Grant
Cordone GPT or whatever it is, you would
only want it to act as advisor.
Conversely, if we have say a law firm,
okay, and they want to buy, you know, or
maybe you're a pharmacological
consultant, you want it to be explicit
about the thing it does. And all you do
guys is you come down and you basically
remove and delete the bits you don't
want. Then we have this chain overview
thing, which is really critical. So you
have access to a specialized query
rewriter agent. Now before retrieving
information or general response, send
the query the original uh query to the
query writer agent. Remember guys, that
is this guy right here. Having a rock
and rolling big and beautiful. Good
time. So bring him down a little bit
here. And what I'm going to do as well
is just show you here guys. We're going
to add the ranker results. And we want
20. This is really key. So the query
reranker that we've got, let me get the
coherent here just to show you. Um,
basically 20 results come back from the
vector database and then the query
ranker will actually pull the top three
that it thinks are most relevant. That
was our secretary analogy. Now
objective, what do you want it to do? Do
you want it to give you the exact
information? Do you want a balanced
explanation combining the retrieve
information with the brief context? Do
you want an executive summary? Which do
you want? Again, let's say you want D.
Well, we would just simply remove and
then we just go down. And then
knowledge. Now, this is a really core
concept. this idea of do you want it to
be local strict again the analogy here
is a librarian right and she says do you
want the information only from that book
so I only want it from this book only
give me information from this book or
are you saying that yes I want you to
get me information from the book but
also if there's relevant data
information we call this global from
this book and this book you can bring
that in and synthesize it if we are
supporting a law firm for I've had a law
firm client quite a few of these sort of
builds um they'll say look Jack I only
really want information from my data, my
specific case law, in which case we do
what's called local strict, which is
quotations and citations only. But if
we're okay to paraphrase, paraphrase it,
then we do local grounded. But if you
want global augmented, in other words,
grab me data information more than
that's a completely different story.
Okay? And once again, we emphasize fab
fabricate citations and we let the model
know that it's okay to say that it
doesn't know. Uh, and we also wanted to
express it confidence. Citations. What
of citations? Output format. What do you
want it to be? Well, we let's just say
we may want markdown and concise
paragraphs. And then structure. What do
you want it to look and feel like as an
output? You wouldn't believe the number
of scenarios that don't actually specify
this. Okay. And then we have that. Then
we have down here our query reranker.
It's prompt is a little bit more simple
and I'm going to get nerd out on this
topic because this is a really key one
that I went deep on here. We give it the
role. Now domain context. So there's a
question here on rag about you know
let's say is it more helpful to give our
system here context and information
about our rag system or not and the
answer that I landed on from my research
is um yes and no. No in the sense that
this guy the main agent we don't want
him to have any information
realistically about what our rag
database is about. Isn't that crazy? And
one of the reasons for that is because
we don't want to pollute. So if we did
our data cleansing properly, okay, in
this knowledge database, it will have
the pure knowledge. Now if you start to
say, oh by the way, you do this and you
answer these kind of blah blah blah
blah, we can start to bias the models
retrieval too much. The query ranker by
the way is slightly different. And
again, like this is just what I found
based on all of my research and what I
found working for me. With the query
runner, we add what we call a
disambiguation contextual prompt, which
is a really fancy way of saying, "Give
me two sentences about what your rag
database is about." Now, we do this
because let's say, for example, we
trained this rag system on Alex's books
or Harry Potter books, whatever the
thing is. You may ask it a question that
it could interpret in slightly different
ways. But if it has the context of what
that rag database is about purely for
disambiguation purposes only. In other
words, we're not biasing its its
retrieval. It will then be able to get
we think better responses from it. And
then we give it instructions. We read it
carefully. Write two or three concise
close alternatives. Again, semantically
rich alternatives is key because again
we're using those words to go and grab.
So if I said something like how old is
Dexter, it may say springpananiel age,
how old is dog, Dexter age, some Dexter
years, months. So that's like loads of
like if you can think of a clustering of
words like that semantically would work.
Now to show you what it looks like an
example, I train this on again books.
Let me come down ask a simple question.
So I've said here, give me an example of
a money model. Now look, we've got a
core model. I've added a secondary
brain. I've got the think module as it
wants to think. It's gone through to the
reranker. So in other words, it's
reranked the actual questions and then
it searched the rag database and it's
thinking. So I want to show you an
example, right? So I my input here was
give me an example of um a money model.
Look at this. Examples of money models
used in business growth strategies,
illustrations of financial models
applicable for increasing business
revenue, sample money model frameworks,
blah blah blah. And down here, guys,
we've got an excellent response that
covers uh pretty much everything that we
want in the detail and the specifics
that I actually gave it. Now, you've
most likely heard of the expression
graph rag that's been thrown around and
I want to include it here in the
interest of of completeness. So, if
you're not aware what graph rag is,
graph rag is retrieval of mental
generation, but effectively we do it in,
as you might have guessed, a graph. And
what we effectively do is
illustrate the relationships of things
to other things. And what it's great at
is if you have a big um database and you
want to be able to ask it questions
that's um let's say very relational in
nature. Let's say you have a corpus of
lots of materials and you want to know
how certain things relate to other
things. Graph rag is great because kind
of like those games you like bubble io
whatever the bigger the bubble um the
more things that are connected to it. So
let's just say for example that this
chunk here document what the word
document would do is connect to
everything else that's document. So what
it enables you to do basically is find
out the relationships to other things.
Now this tutorial is about what we see
in 99% of production use cases and it's
a very advanced specific thing. So I'm
not including it in this video because
we're focusing on what is actually
driving a lot of the value of real
business applications. But I wanted to
cover it here just so you have a good
understanding of it. We can use tools
like light rack to do that. And if you
want a full video breaking down this
specifically just let me know down below
in the comments. I'm happy to build that
and show it for you. Now, understanding
how to build effective rack systems is
one thing, but that is only one part of
multiple different skills and systems
that you need to learn to generate
income from AI and systematize and scale
your business. In the community, I've
got six beautiful chapters that take you
from basically AI foundations, which is
all the basics you need to know all the
way through to becoming an AI native
entrepreneur. And if you want to
commercialize, we've got literally
step-by-step days and road mapaps that
cover all the stuff that I did, how I
kind of built and sold my own automation
business, how I've generated so much
money through my own agency, and I've
helped other people do that as well. And
then we have business systems, which are
lift and shift automation systems that
actually work that are going to save you
time and help you crush your business.
I'm going to put a link down below so
you can click that and join us. You have
direct daily access to me. And one thing
I'm really proud about the community is
how wholesome and supportive and how
many wins we have in the group. People
always crushing it and getting amazing
wins in our business, getting their
first clients, getting their first 10,
20K a month. I've literally reverse
engineered all success stories to make
your pathway from beginner to expert as
simple as possible. You can hang out
with me every week and chat to me every
day and we will solve 100% of your tech
stuff. So, I wanted I wanted to include
that because if you're serious about
your AI journey and you want to turn
this incredible skill into income, um
this is the place I built to do it. So,
if that sounds all interesting and you
want to take that to the next level,
click the link down below in description
and I'll catch you